Added sumeval stuff (#2)
microsoft/Litmus: SumEval/README.md

# SumEval

Helper Code and Datasets for the 1st Workshop on Scaling Up Multilingual Evaluation (SUMEval).

## Submission Instructions

> The test files containing the training configurations and languages for which the predictions are to be made are located in [`data/test_release/`](data/test_release/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The test files are located in [`data/test_release/`](data/test_release/), and contain (1) the training configurations and (2) the languages for which the predictions are to be made.
```

Reviewer: The syntax of the original sentence was a bit hard to follow.

> We have three types of test files (in most cases) for every dataset-model pair which are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have three types of test files (in most cases) for every dataset-model pair:
```
